Located in Otaniemi, Finland, –
Micronova features the largest R&D
cleanroom in the Nordic countries.
It is part of OtaNano
and operated jointly –
by VTT and Aalto university.
The cleanroom has processing
capabilities for silicon-based CMOS, –
MEMS and photonics devices,
3D integration and thin film components.
Here, close to 350
world-class experts –
develop innovative
enabling technologies –
and apply them to practical
micro- and nanosystems.
In Micronova, we work on new sensors,
detectors, photonics components, –
passive RF components,
PMUTs and other MEMS devices, –
as well as state-of-the-art
quantum devices.
We also have laboratories
for characterization –
and system level
demonstration.
At Micronova, VTT can offer its
customers and partners –
the entire
development cycle –
from fundamental research
and process development –
to prototyping and
small-scale production.